hello again my name is choosing camera
comes in on video due to their went a
little bit thematic q fan finder watts
power supply inside the review unit
includes the power cable the cable pouch
the silicon petting the screws the power
supply unit and the user menu one if you
job this power supply is dead thematic
had included a pouch in the review
package which you can place your spare
cables in inside the review package
includes two SATA cables to PCI Express
cables two more legs cables and a 48 pin
motherboard 12 volt cable this power
supply has a 140mm fan and this power
supplies the efficiency of eighty-five
percent at the back of the power supply
is a honeycomb design which enables more
had to go inside the power supply at the
side there are also add ventilations in
the power supply which enables add to
enter into the power supply one good
thing about this power supply is that
other cables in this power supply us
lift to enable optimize flow indicating
this power supply also has a modular
cable system which enables you to choose
which cables you wish to plug in when
you require them which means there will
be no more messy cables in the casing
ever again
this is how you plug in the cables when
you fire them
and maybe and when you don't require
them you can just simply put them out
one feature of the molex cable is the
hand grip which pushes the cables of
your Paris when you go and require them
a simple push on the button would unplug
the wires from Paris easily one thing to
note is that traumatic head also
included Labor's on the power supply
cables to tell you where you can connect
the power supply to
this power supply is compatible with
24-pin motherboard but is also backwards
compatible with 20 be mad about this
power supply also has overcurrent
over-voltage and short-circuit
protection the unique thing about this
power supply is the coupon technology
that tomato head included q fan is the
technology which makes the fan may
require let's hear the quietness of this
power supply during normal operations
switched on
and switched off let's take a 360 look
of this power supply
over all this power supply is also i
give this power supply and it does trust
rating
the best part about this
q friend and thematic had included it is
a technology that makes the power supply
very quiet Tama Tech had also included a
pouch for you to put your spare cables
the cons of this power supply is that it
might not be sufficient for today's
gaming ring
and this has been an hour video review
I'm two degree from chegg.com do a
number visit the forms are forms under
calm and reach this about gentech busy
support genlack com
you